todos.md, before:

List of things that I don't want to forget to do

## Nice to have in some future

- table of contents like in papaermod
- Add in the anchor tags like PaperMod has.
- reduce red usage.
- on screen re-size to small, newline the menu items
- more spacing between paragraphs?
- reformat listed dates.

## Todo

- double check everything looks good.bring all articles over.
- fix 404 page.
- deploy!

## Done

- favicon
- size of "caption" should be smaller by a little.
- images aren't doing well because of inline-block
- Bring all h1,h2,h3 stuff over from medium
- tag in grey above the article.
- take away grey background behind images
- go through and add the correct "tags" to every story from ghost
- remove 2em on h's in paragraphs or article
- First tag when listed on main page.
- bring all articles over.
- figure out formatting of images + caption. - center + grey like on medium
- list looks like stars - lets make them dots
- center justify the things that are under the images
- test bringing in zapier post
- Updates tags page to look like just a dumb list (maybe count?)
- spacing between menu items
- change "highlights" to be red + have underline.
- update posts on the mainpage to not be red (but have outline)
- (done) how do callouts work in markdown
- fix callout formatting
- Format tags on individual pages like medium == did it different.
- add "read more" on the bottom of posts too

Commit message:

Updating the fonts to be loaded locally

todos.md, after:

List of things that I don't want to forget to do

## Nice to have in some future

- table of contents like in papaermod
- Add in the anchor tags like PaperMod has.
- reduce red usage.
- on screen re-size to small, newline the menu items
- more spacing between paragraphs?
- reformat listed dates.

## Todo

- there is an li without ol/ul
- non-google-loaded fonts
- double check everything looks good.bring all articles over.
- fix 404 page.
- deploy!

## Done

- favicon
- size of "caption" should be smaller by a little.
- images aren't doing well because of inline-block
- Bring all h1,h2,h3 stuff over from medium
- tag in grey above the article.
- take away grey background behind images
- go through and add the correct "tags" to every story from ghost
- remove 2em on h's in paragraphs or article
- First tag when listed on main page.
- bring all articles over.
- figure out formatting of images + caption. - center + grey like on medium
- list looks like stars - lets make them dots
- center justify the things that are under the images
- test bringing in zapier post
- Updates tags page to look like just a dumb list (maybe count?)
- spacing between menu items
- change "highlights" to be red + have underline.
- update posts on the mainpage to not be red (but have outline)
- (done) how do callouts work in markdown
- fix callout formatting
- Format tags on individual pages like medium == did it different.
- add "read more" on the bottom of posts too
